Feat: Added Covalent Solutions Page (#691)
rsksmart/devportal: solutions/covalent.md

---
title: 'Covalent - Solutions on RSK'
description: 'Covalent provides a unified API bringing visibility to billions of blockchain data points.'
tags: covalent, rsk-solutions, rsk, troubleshooting, defi, dApps, blockchain, smart-contracts, API, data-points, indexing, query
layout: 'rsk'
---

[Covalent](https://covalenthq.com/) provides a unified API bringing visibility to billions of blockchain data points.

![Covalent-banner](/assets/img/solutions/Covalent/Covalent_Banner.png)

> The Covalent API supports both the RSK Mainnet and RSK Testnet networks. See [RSK Indexing and Query Data API](https://www.covalenthq.com/docs/networks/rsk) for the full details, including `chain_id` values. All Covalent API *Class A* endpoints are supported for the RSK mainnet and testnet networks. You can query either network via the unified Covalent API by changing the `chainId`.

Reviewer: pls add link to covalent docs that defines "Class A endpoints"

Instead of painstakingly sourcing data from a small handful of chains, Covalent aggregates information from across dozens of sources including nodes, chains, and data feeds. The Covalent API then sources end-users with individualized data by wallet, including current and historical investment performance across all types of digital assets. Most importantly, Covalent returns this data in a rapid and consistent manner, incorporating all relevant data within a single unified API interface.

### Why use Covalent?

Covalent provides a unified API  that brings full transparency and visibility to assets across all blockchain networks. This API allows you to pull detailed, granular and historical blockchain transaction data from RSK (and other blockchains) with no code. The Covalent API allows you to create entirely new applications or augment existing ones without configuring or maintaining infrastructure. 

### Features of Covalent

- 25 billion rich transactions indexed including every transaction since genesis for RSK and several other blockchains.
- 200K+ smart contracts are available with internal data structures for querying.

> - 30,000+ price feeds for fiat and crypto pairs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 30K+ price feeds for fiat and crypto pairs.
```
